AST-939 - Offcanvas content directly visible on frontend when Toggle Button not dropped in builder area (#3306)
brainstormforce/astra: changelog.txt

v3.7.3

> - Fix: Builder - Offcanvas content directly visible on frontend when 'Toggle Button' not added in builder area.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix: Builder - Offcanvas content directly visible on frontend even 'Toggle Button' component is not added in builder area.
```
